So now let's talk about
AWS Infrastructure Composer.
So it's a way for you to visually design
and build serverless applications very quickly on AWS.
It looks like this, but we'll go in the console very soon
to show you how it works.
And so the idea is that, thanks to a drag and drop tool,
you're going to be able to create infrastructure as code
very quickly without being an expert.
And you're going to be able to configure
how your resources are interacting with each other.
And as a result, it will generate infrastructure as code
so that that is compatible with CloudFormation.
Also, you have the way to do the opposite,
which is to have CloudFormation or SAM templates
and actually import them into AWS Infrastructure Composer
and visualize them.
So let's go in the console now to practice a little bit.
Okay, so here I am in the Infrastructure Composer console,
and I'm going to just Open Demo to show you how this works.
So here we are,
we have access to a list of things.
So we have an API gateway with five routes,
and each of these route are connected to our Compute layer,
which is five Lambda functions,
and finally we have a DynamoDB table.
This is very cool because we can visually see
what is happening.
So we know that whenever someone does a POST item,
it will be connected to this Lambda function
named CreateItem.
So we can explore the details of all these things.
So if you click on Details here,
you get the actual resource properties
of your Lambda function.
And we can see the type of package, the runtime,
the architecture, et cetera, et cetera.
And you can modify all of these things.
You can also, for example, set up permissions here
that allow it to write to DynamoDB.
Because here in our DynamoDB table,
again, we have the details of it
and we can see the logical ID,
the partition key, et cetera, et cetera.
So we can configure everything we want.
We can also very quickly, for example,
create our own function.
So under Resources, I'm going to just go for Kinesis Stream
and we have a Kinesis Stream right here,
and then I want a Lambda function.
And I want my Lambda function
to read from my Kinesis Stream
so I will just connect these two things
and it is as simple as that.
And here, you can just modify the stream if you want it to,
the configuration, as well as the Lambda function.
But not only you have enhanced components,
which are serverless-specific components,
but you also have any kind of standard IaC resources.
So you can look for whatever you want.
For example, you want an Amplify app,
you just drag and drop it.
And here you can configure everything you need to know
for that specific resource.
And then finally, if you go under Templates here,
you have the output template of CloudFormation
of what is represented on your canvas.
And you can select YAML or JSON,
and copy and paste this into CloudFormation
or save it for later purposes.
So this is a super handy tool that I love
and I hope that you like it as well.
All right, that's it. I will see you in the next lecture.